Let's talk about toes and why I spread
them. Yes, I can do funky stuff like
this, this, or this. But that's not why
I spread them. The muscles that actually
move your toes are a huge part of your
arch. And if you work them regularly,
you gain control of your feet so much
that you can be flatfooted or high
arched on command. It starts with just
three steps. First, practice spreading.
Number two, be barefoot often or wear
shoes that allow for toe movement while
you walk. as if I was going to show you
my feet. And number three, realize that
walking and foot pain should not go
together and it's not normal. Motion is
lotion. Be intentional. Flex them,
extend them. Don't send them or do, but
Jesus is watching. Use code stay flexy
at paluva.com if you want to support me.
Stay flexing.